README.md, before:

# about-me
Project for Code Fellows course 201, lab02. A simple project for my peers to get to know me a little better.

## Motivation
This project was created to hone in my skills as a beginner software engineer. A practice in learning conditional statements in JavaScript, HTML structure and CSS styling.

## Code style

js-strict-style

## Screenshots
Include logo/demo screenshot etc.

## Tools

VS code
Github

## Installation

clone from github onto local machine using terminal. 

## Usage

Used to learn more about me, please send feedback and tips as to how to make page more dynamic. Any feedback is welcomed. 


## Credits

README.MD layout from [Akash at meakaakka.medium.com](https://meakaakka.medium.com/a-beginners-guide-to-writing-a-kickass-readme-7ac01da88ab3)

MIT license short snippet provided by [Git](https://github.com/git/git-scm.com/blob/main/MIT-LICENSE.txt)

HTML & CSS reading resources[w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)

Color Scheme created by [coolors](https://coolors.co/)

## Licenses

Copyright (c) 2012-2022 Scott Chacon and others

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
MIT © Monica Ramirez

Commit message:

added credit to Eric m, for helping me

README.md, after:

# about-me
Project for Code Fellows course 201, lab02. A simple project for my peers to get to know me a little better.

## Motivation
This project was created to hone in my skills as a beginner software engineer. A practice in learning conditional statements in JavaScript, HTML structure and CSS styling.

## Code style

js-strict-style

## Screenshots
Include logo/demo screenshot etc.

## Tools

VS code
Github

## Installation

clone from github onto local machine using terminal. 

## Usage

Used to learn more about me, please send feedback and tips as to how to make page more dynamic. Any feedback is welcomed. 


## Credits

README.MD layout from [Akash at meakaakka.medium.com](https://meakaakka.medium.com/a-beginners-guide-to-writing-a-kickass-readme-7ac01da88ab3)

MIT license short snippet provided by [Git](https://github.com/git/git-scm.com/blob/main/MIT-LICENSE.txt)

HTML & CSS reading resources[w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)

Color Scheme created by [coolors](https://coolors.co/)

Code help and assistance from [Eric Mungai Kinuthia](https://github.com/EricMungai97)

## Licenses

Copyright (c) 2012-2022 Scott Chacon and others

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
MIT © Monica Ramirez
